---
layout: post
title:  "Quotes"
permalink: /quotes
---
This is a collection of quotes and sayings I find valuable

---

"We all have two lives. The second begins when we realize we only have one." -Confucius

"This too shall pass" -Unknown

"We suffer more often in imagination than we do in reality" -Seneca

"I have 3 treasures that I keep and prize: one is kindness, second is frugality, and third is not presuming to take precedence over others. By kindness one can be brave, by frugality one can reach out, by not presuming to take precedence one can survive effectively" - Master Sun Tzu

"Don’t let your imagination be crushed by life as a whole. Don’t try to picture everything bad that could possibly happen. Stick with the situation at hand, and ask, "Why is this so unbearable? Why can’t I endure it?" You’ll be embarrassed to answer." - Marcus Aurelius

"To feel affection for people even when they make mistakes is uniquely human. You can do it, if you simply recognize: that they’re human too, that they act out of ignorance against their will, and that you’ll both be dead before long. And, above all, that they haven’t really hurt you." - Marcus Aurelius

"Learn to enjoy the process. Love the daily discipline of showing up everyday and having the thing itself generate its own satisfaction" - James Clear

"Perfection is achieved when there is nothing left to take away" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery

"Clarity refers to the focus on one particular message or goal at a time, rather than attempting to accomplish too much at once" - Michael Hoffman

"Simply focus on being better today than you were yesterday, and you'll be happy with your achievements" - Marie Kondo

"Less is more. It's also less. That's the point." - Greg McKeown

"Renounce the fruit of action, rejoice in action itself." - Unknown

"All of humanity's problems stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone" - Blaise Pascal

"Happiness is the absence of unhappiness. This reminds me that I don’t have to search for happiness. I just have to eliminate the things that make me unhappy." - Unknown

"Happiness is your default state. I can relax. Happiness is already mine."

## On the Shortness of Life by Seneca

“Let us prepare our minds as if we’d come to the very end of life. Let us postpone nothing. Let us balance life’s books each day…The one who puts the finishing touches on their life each day is never short of time.” - Seneca

"Putting things off is the biggest waste of life: it snatches away each day as it comes, and denies us the present by promising the future. The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy, which hangs upon tomorrow, and loses today. You are arranging what lies in Fortune's control, and abandoning what lies in yours. What are you looking at? To what goal are you straining? The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately." - Seneca

## Thomas Jefferson's summary of Epicurean ethics

- Happiness is the aim of life.

- Emotional health is the foundation of happiness.

- When emotional health is present, everything comes together as it should.

- Pleasure is found in activities which satisfy our healthy, legitimate needs.

- Continuing satisfaction of these healthy needs brings lasting contentment.

- Pleasurable activity is not itself happiness, but the means to produce it - for example, the relief of hunger brings satisfaction, and eating is the means to achieve it. It follows that these activities have a natural limit.

- Our goal is to be not pained in body, nor troubled in mind.

- Unhealthy needs, and fear, are the main causes of distress. We are free to turn ourselves away from them.

- A healthy person is thoughtful, not impulsive or grasping, and is unafraid.

- A troubled person is reckless, and driven by unhealthy needs and fear.
